# How Adversarial Examples were generated?

1. As CWL2 method provide less perturbation than others, we may use the adversarials generated by CWL2 to enhance logifold.
2. BIM, PGD, FGM, Madrey's method, and MIM seem similar with each other.
3. DeepFool method has not beed updated. I can try to modify old version of DeepFool to make it compatible with tensorflow2.

# experiment design.
 
### date : October, 2025

1. We will use CIFAR10 dataset. With random seed '42', we split dataset as:

| Training dataset|Validation dataset | Testing dataset |
|----|----|----|
|40k|10k|10k|

2. Generate adversarial examples. Considering the 'Y' shape, we can have three directions. Let original class and adversarial target be $c$ and $t$, and $f_c$ be the fuzziness or certainty for the class $c$.
- direction maximizing $f_c$.
- direction minimizing $f_t$ while increasing $f_c$
- direction minimizing the size of $f_t - f_c$

Corresponding adversarial attacks are untargetted adversarial attack using PGD or CWL2 methods for maximizing $f_c$, targetted adversarial attack using PGD or CWL2 methods, and DeepFool for minimizing the size of difference.

Therefore I will generate adversarial examples using those methods except for DeepFool which is need to be refactored according to TensorFlow2. Hyperparameters are 
- loss function (Here I choose cross-entropy)
- metric ($L_1, L_2, L_{\infty}$) (Here I choose $L_2$)
- epsilons.  Bound of perturbation. $\frac{216}{255}$.
- step size. Here I choose one of $\frac{9}{255},\frac{27}{255},\frac{48}{255},\frac{96}{255}$. 
- number of steps. 8 I choose.
- targetted or not.
- Generating models. ResNet56

**I use ResNet models to generate adversarial examples and comprise logifold in belief that model of different structure may have no big difference**

In experiment, adversarial targets are least-likely class or second-likely class.

3. validation dataset and training dataset for logifold is following: 

| Logifold name | Types of datasets | size of datasets(tr/val) | proportions of intact/adv in the datasets|
|----|----|----|----|
|O | Original | 40k/10k | no adv |
|P | PGD | 40k/10k | only adv |
|ltP | ltPGD | 40k/10k | only adv |
|2tP | 2tPGD | 40k/10k | only adv |
|OP|Original + PGD | 80k/20k|1:1|
|OPs|Original + PGD | 40k+10k/10k+2.5k|4:1|
|OltP|Original + ltPGD | 80k/20k|1:1|
|O2tP|Original + 2tPGD | 80k/20k|1:1|

In each logifold, we will have ResNet56v1 model, a specialist derived from ResNet56v1 to perturbed images(or, 'transferred'), a trained model of structure ResNet56v1 on perturbed images, and a filter determining whether it is perturbed or not.
We focus on ResNet56v1 because it's best among other ResNet20v1, ResNet20v2, and ResNet56v2 I have.


4. Then testing it using validation history. Testing dataset will be:

- original testing dataset
- original + adversarial testing dataset
- adversarial PGD only (or ltPGD, 2tPGD)
- CWL2 only (or ltC, 2tC)
